.TH "LVPN\-DISCOVER" "1" "2013" "Manual de LibreVPN" "lvpn"
.SH NAME
.PP
Discover nodes in the local network using Avahi and optionally adds
them.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[I]lvpn discover\f[] [\-h] [\-i if|\-A] [\-a|\-c] [\-f] [\-b]
local\-node [nodo\-remoto]
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
This message
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-i
Filter by network interface
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-a
Add nodes, recognize them.
Downloads the host file and adds it using \f[I]lvpn add\-host\f[].
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-c
Connect to the nodes (implies \-a).
After running \f[I]\-a\f[], connect to the nodes using \f[I]lvpn
connectto\f[].
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-f
Trust keys on the network rather than local copies.
When you already have the host file, this copy is used.
With this option the host is always downloaded.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-A
Use any interface (VPN included, don\[aq]t use with \f[I]\-c\f[]!)
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-b
Uses beadle (?)
.RS
.RE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Facilitates host file exchange in a local network.
.PP
Used with \f[I]lvpn announce\f[] to discover nodes on the local network.
.PP
For security, if the host file already exists, this file is used.
With \f[I]\-f\f[] host file is always downloaded.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Lists nodes discovered on the LAN
.PP
lvpn discover
.SS List all discovered nodes, even in the VPN
.PP
lvpn discover \-A
.SS Add discovered nodes to ponape
.PP
lvpn discover \-a ponape
.SS Ponape connects to all nodes
.PP
lvpn discover \-c ponape
.SS Trust the local network for all host files
.PP
lvpn discover \-f \-c ponape
.SS Only search on one interface
.PP
lvpn discover \-i eth0 \-c ponape
.SS Connect to all announced nodes (warning!)
.PP
lvpn discover \-c ponape \-A
.SS Connects using beadle
.PP
lvpn discover \-b ponape nuevo\-nodo
.SH AUTHORS
Nicolás Reynolds <fauno@endefensadelsl.org>.
